Actually, the Stele Zocker Ligand was the key reason to be flashy
It has become a real self-runner to employ young people
Teams have been playing for the cup for 50 years now
if you need a cage this is the fenced pitch a ball six
Players on the court and my colleagues and me
not only the game device in my hands but also the most important
Task namely release of the first game here
in the script gambler Dom of guardians so black against yellow black these are the
Streetfighter and the yellow ones are the ones from Lars from Gütersloh
not much for such a crap theater of war and as he needs it
a ball is also two teams play three against three of the power and it
needed a so-called cage so through the playing surface twelve times 18
Meter is this box big and there it goes
on goal for the ball may not be taken in the hand or it will be
without played out so what counts
is her trickery and it counts goals and out there
Tricks are also being done here, it's getting warm. Those are the ones
Substitute players who can show a little bit what they are on it
have the city that Markus often works even yes
and that he is Nachtwey when he comes from the Street Fighter is already doing so
a bit with some years you are already here for five years
enough now
Suu Kyi sugar why claim after this must be sporty fun
Sports and
Century always 0
Loews guys know
of which are also fell
you've been quite successful had to say this type
Oberliga which is now threatened for a total of five years
meanwhile there are so many teams that you have a first second and
third league since this season and you've had it a year
won since champion won how many times exactly then twice then others
and this song has not started yet the next week again
you would go out
yes we still hope gaps
so winner
he would keep my fingers crossed for you
Nigeria with the George Barris of the euro-states from you ever
Championship won No unfortunately not yet but we are still fighting Dom
So why are you doing with their fools? Are you more and more team?
there
Year out of fun white which is fun and also because everyone gets to know each other
and always learning so experiences and playing against stronger makes it
Fun if he then the worker much success and a lot of fun
By the way, the boys are playing twice for 15 minutes
right up
A change is like ice hockey, he is changed on the fly
and changing from the big boys will fly to the little boys
because we've already looked at it this afternoon not only
love
18 to 19 years old play here but also the six- to
Ten-year-old Hamas already really like it as we see it fall
even for beautiful goals
May after even as on the assembly line and one of the already looked after
For years, this is the case of Matur Stern also his bachelor thesis
the social worker wrote here in Wintersdorf around the whole
scientifically worked up what comes out of it when you do Street
Soccer a look
yes, that's totally fascinating because he used to be way too cold
Started with played percent very young just stop with you
been
and by a few study percent Eon riots after all, even ring never
I've thought of writing down Südzucker what
to evaluate scientifically evaluate to check what is not so cool with us
on it and what does he get out?
"Jan Jan" found that percent of German l Tur Tur Tur just barely
to be told that she also has fun of course that first
We also want that to be a lot of fun but on the other hand Irgun
we also convey social skills from real estate and work, such as
Example fairness conflict ability team ability the cake baking the
So getting teens to the forest so much is one thing
Complement to the club Sporting very much on the topics like the update
football clubs
"And that's a bit of competition
So yes, you can say so what percent already some clubs
Of course we like to keep the lions in the lions
But we play "We say the first of us
Super compliment is so we very much like food to the clubs and
percent
However, this is very much appreciated so there are teenagers playing the games
not so much at a club was that could hold so well kept behind it
you had to go to the trainings you have to take part in the games
and so eater here is that a lot of free teens com just because i have fun
have and because the spare time come have BA and varieties of footballers
been
as I said not very high nada-chef AG
I'll still award him one that he too is the street where in
Petersburg and had the idea for street gamers the whole thing was born from the
Focal points work the federal government gave so much stress in Gütersloh that
such projects have a far-reaching use
it is clear that everyone is partial
Südzucker Reilly lie by young people themselves
namely from the Gütersloh Youth Parliament that are young people
a research on a similar project from Munich encountered
Wonder that was
Give us an example and we'll try it out
satisfied
it had happened there
The Tevion continues to be successful and the new season is said to be next
Week kicked off that's sort of what's up and then it's not just about
as one says so nicely the footballer must worry about a bag but
in fact around the big Siegfried Suker Cup in Gütersloh